https://akgim.edu.in/
 


AKGIM Ghaziabad | Ajay Kumar Garg Institute of Management | Best MBA Colleges/Institutes/B School in Delhi NCR









































Ajay Kumar Garg Institute of Management
















AKTU  College Code: 820














Ajay Kumar Garg Institute of Management



 















AKTU  College Code: 820




Home
Institute

About Us
Vision & Mission
The Society
Chairman's Message
Director's Message
Governing Council
Industry Advisory Board
Life @ AKGIM
The Infrastructure


Programme

About
Curriculum
Academic Calendar


Faculty & Staff

Core Faculty
Visiting Faculty
Guest Faculty
Staff


Training & Placements

Final Placements
Internship and Live Projects
Our Recruiters
Leaders Club


Research

Centre Of Excellence
AAYAM
MDPs
FDPs
Rays
Digital Knowledege Resources
Conferences


Alumni

Alumni Meet
Alumni Interaction
Alumni Registration


Admissions

Application forMBA Admissions 2025 - 27
UPTAC CUET 2025 Candidates Reporting Instructions and  Documents Requirements
Fee Structure
Fee Payment 2025 - 26
Scholarships and Concession Policy for Batch 2024-26
Affidavits Download
Fee Refund Norms
Download Registration Form


Downloads

Information Brochure 2024-25
Registration Form
Syllabus MBA I Year
Syllabus MBA II Year
Bank Loan Documents


Career
Contact Us















			Loading...
		






































Recent Update
📌 News & Student e-Board





📌️ Outstanding Records













Announcements



It is a matter of immense pride that AICTE-CII Industry-Interface surveys have given “Platinum” Rating (the highest grading) to AKGIM Consecutively for 2018, 2019 and 2020. India Today ranked AKGIM amongst top colleges on RoI front in India in 2023. Ranked at the top among all B-Schools of AKTU by OPEN Magazine-2022. Congratulations to Ms Shivani Singh, MBA batch 2021-23 for winning Silver Medal in AKTU, Uttar Pradesh. Congratulations to Ms Deeksha Dubey, MBA batch 2020-22 for winning Bronze Medal in AKTU, Uttar Pradesh. 









Welcome to AKGIM


AKGIM offers Two Year Full Time MBA programme approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India, New Delhi and affiliated to Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University, Lucknow, U.P. The programme is certified by BSI of United Kingdom. The programme aims at transforming young graduates into successful and effective managers.
The prime focus of the Course is to prepare professionals who would take up leadership positions in organizations across industry, government sector and NGOs. The programme has been designed to equip youngsters with the basic set of knowledge, skills and aptitude that would be required of them in corporate/non-corporate organizations.
The programme aims at providing young, thinking minds the power to shape their paths and influence change. Depth of understanding, analytical rigor, and independence of thought, commitment, cooperation, competition, integrity and innovation are the core values instilled in each individual who graduates from the institute. All this is achieved through a well-crafted set of curricular and extra-curricular activities, delivered by a mix of experts from academia and industry.


Read More





Faculty Publications

Analyzing The Connection Between Green HRM and Environmental Performance: A Bibliometric Study Utilizing The Scopus Database (ABDC, C) Dr. Sarjue Pandita
Adoption of Technology Acceptance Model for Online Shopping Behaviour towards Purchase of Electronic Goods (Indexing: SCOPUS) Dr. Namita Nath Kumar
Exploring the Neurological Basis of Positive and Negative Emotions and their impact on Workplace Productivity (Indexing: SCOPUS) Dr. Vidhi Agrawal
To Study the Effect of Sustainable HRM Practices on The Performance of Female Employees, With Gender Equity Perception Serving as a Moderator (ABDC, C) Dr. Sarjue Pandita
Examining the Investigating of Buying Intention of Online Insurance Consumers (Indexing: SCOPUS) Dr. Ritesh Singhal
A bibliometric Study of Disposition Effect in Behavioural Finance: Science Mapping and Performance Analysis (Indexing: ABDC Category) Dr. Vidhi Agrawal
Business Management Principles - R.Deepika, Dr. Sarjue Pandita, R.Arun Kumar
Modern Management Technologies - Dr. Sarjue Pandita
An Innovative Approach on Micro emulsion: A Review (Indexing: ABDC Category) Dr. Namita N Kumar
What If Misinterpretation of the Facts, Decision Biasness and Lack of Emotional intelligence go Along Each Other? Instance from Infosys (Indexing: ABDC Category) Prof. Dr. Vidhi Agrawal
To Study the Effect of Sustainable HRM Practices on The Performance of Female Employees, With Gender Equity Perception Serving as a Moderator (Indexing: ABDC Category) Dr. Sarjue Pandita
Identifying Performance Indicators for the agriculture sector in Developing Countries through The ARDL Model: Special Reference of India (Indexing: SCOPUS) Prof. Rahul Singhal
Analysis of Effect of Training and Development Determinants on the Job Satisfaction of the Employees in Manufacturing Sector (Indexing: ABDC Category) Prof. Dr. Sarjue Pandita
Consumer Attitude towards Counterfeit Products: An extension of Theory of Planned Behaviour (Indexing: ABDC Category) Dr. Ankit Garg
Action and Reaction towards Radical Changes: A Study from the Perspective of Change Recipients - Dr. Vidhi Agrawal, Dr. Yu-Chen Hu, Dr. Nirdosh Agarwal
Women Entrepreneurs of Rajasthan: Decoding Managerial Skills - Dr. Ritesh Kumar Singhal, Dr. R.Sudha, Dr. Somanchi Hari Krishna
Consumer Panic Buying and Consumer Behaviour During Pandemic Years for Innovative Sanitization Good: A Study of Buying Behaviour to Sanitization Durable Goods - Prof.Ankit Garg, Dr. Satish Kumar
Marketing Intelligence Recent Research Trends: Systematic Literature Review Approach - Prof.Ankit Garg, Dr Sanghamitra Das, Dr Manupriya Gaur, Dr Ritesh Kumar Singhal
Health Care Management Using Block Chain Technology AConceptual Framework - Dr Ritesh Kumar Singhal, Prof. Ankit Garg, Dr Sanghamitra Das, Dr TR Pandey
A DEA Application in Indian Telecom Industry Does Managerial Efficiency improve in the post- Mergers and Acquisitions period - Dr. Neha And Dr. TR Pandey
Investors’ Buying Attention towards Mutual Fund in Meerut after despite of Covid’19 - Dr. Prateek Gupta  and Prof. Rahul Singhal
Review and Research Agenda on Horticulture Supply Chain
“Skill India”, Growth of Indian Economy in Light of its skill availability and Skill India Initiative -Retrospection after Covid 19- Dr Sarjue Pandita
Exploration of Factors Affecting Adoption of Digital Wallet Among Indian Domestic Tourist: Study of Trust and Security Perception - Dr Ritesh Kumar Singhal,Prof Pankaj Chauhan,Dr TR Pandey
Managing Migrant Workforce in the Time of Covid 19 - Dr Vidhi Agrawal
Agri-Startups: New Era for Agriculture Development in India - Prof. Rahul Singhal, Dr. Prateek Gupta
The Literature Review ofthe Consumer Behavior Determinants and The Online Shopping Behavior Model Under the Prospects of B2C E–Commerce - Prof Namita Nath, Prof Vipin Jain
Factors Effecting Adoption of E-wallet An Application of TAM - Dr Ritesh Singhal & Dr TR Pandey
 Factors Responsible For Adoption Of Digital Wallet An Application Of Technology Acceptance Model - Dr Ritesh Singhal and Dr TR Pandey 
 Review and Research Agenda on Supply Chain of Poultry and Meat Products - Prof Alok Singh 
 Purple Squirrels- Crown of the Talent Acquisition World - Dr Vidhi Agrawal 
 Empirical Examination of Stock Volatility An International Comparison - Shalini Aggarwal and Dr Simmi Khurana 
 A Study of Factors Affecting Online Shopping Behaviour - Prof Namita Nath, Prof Vipin Jain 
 Creating shareholders’ Value Utilizing Capital in Post-Merger and Acquisition Scenario A Study of Indian Telecom Industry - Dr Neha Verma 









Academic Excellence







News & Student eBoard









University Toppers









Student Development









Societies









Academic - Industry Interface





Collaboration & MoUs






Final Placement






Guest Interaction






Industry Visit






Corporate Chanakya






Our Recruiters









Upcoming Events









 - 
 Jan 
2026




Chanakya - Business Simulation Game

AKGIM













 - 
 Oct 
2025




Brainiac

AKGIM













 - 
 Feb 
 2025 




ABC

AKGIM













 - 
 Oct 
 2025 




LeaderShip Meet

AKGIM













 - 
 Oct 
 2025 




FDP in the data Sciences

AKGIM













 - 
 Nov 
 2025 




International Conference

AKGIM
















Excellence Beyond Academics

















WATCH CAMPUS LIFE VIDEO TOUR



More















































 OUR ALUMNI  YOU MAY BE ONE OF THEM 
Join Now






WHAT OUR STUDENT SAYS





Nikhil Sharma

						The faculty at AKGIM are not just educators but mentors who are deeply invested in their students' success. Their guidance and support extend beyond the classroom, fostering a nurturing environment for intellectual growth and personal development. 
					





Shivani Sharma

						AKGIM is one of best college in Ghaziabad. Which focusses on providing quality education. Well maintained infrastructure & Best faculty members who are highly qualified & experienced.
					





Sayanna Dey

						The college is best for management studies. Faculty is very cooperative and value education is provided.
					





Pooja Chaudhary

						AKGIM is one of the finest college at NCR. For overall development of a student there is equal focus on studies and extra activities.
					





Garima Singh

						It is good Institute, I have a great experience in this college. This college have the necessary facility, a beautiful campus and a good infrastructure absolutely satisfied by placements, faculty.
					





Radhika Agarwal

						AKGIM is a great choice for pursuing an MBA. The institute provides a well-rounded education with a balance of academic theoretical and practical exposure. The strong placement support and extensive industry interaction make it an ideal place for those looking to build a successful career in management. 
					





Gitanjali Sharma

						The college fosters a highly creative and studious environment, offering numerous opportunities for students growth. It makes significant efforts to bridge the gap between theoretical knowledge and corporate culture. Regular events are conducted to boost confidence and shape students' personalities. Additionally, the ROI of placements is also very good. 
					





Gauri Gupta

						AKGIM, is the best place to grow yourself, the number of opportunities provided for each and every individual are very good, one can brilliantly build up their confidence required for self growth. Not only for the opportunities, but in case of academics as well as the placement thing, they provide you the best preparation tips. 
					





Poornima Goswami

						The best learning environment one can get in NCR. Best Faculty and placement is the most attractive thing one can see in AKGIM. You come here for doing MBA but get a new Family around you. Best place for MBA and personality Growth.
					





Mayank Tayal

					Provide great platform to enhance my skills and knowledge. It gave us excellent career opportunities by providing placements in reputed company. The faculty members are experienced and highly qualified.
					





Arti Talan

						AKGIM has a good environment for study. Supporting faculty members and good infrastructure. AKGIM provides a good platform for the students to develop, enhance their skills. I got placement through AKGIM and they are also providing more placement opportunities for the students.
					





Smita Gupta

					It is a great experience to be a part of AKGIM and I have learned a lot from the faculty members who guide us in making our future bright and conducts various classes to train the students in different fields. As far as placements are concerned, AKGIM makes great efforts to bring out the best companies to place its students.
					





Shivangi Tyagi

						It have been a great journey with AKGIM over 2 years. As far as faculty concerned, they all are cooperative and specialised in all areas and very helpful. Lots of academic opportunities are being offered to the students.
					





Mayank Jha

						It's an immense pleasure to count myself as an Alumni of AKGIM. The knowledge and discipline we get from the college are phenomenal.  After completing the program, I can truly say that it has reinvigorated my way of thinking in the business world and has provided several tools that can be applied to my daily job. I can see my personal growth in the way I handle situations at work, which has led to more opportunities to contribute to the company.
					





Tanya Goel

						It was my immense fortune to be the part of Ajay Kumar Garg Institute of Management, for me it wasn’t just a mere institution but a temple of learning. faculties and staff always encourage the students to think out of the box and PDP classes are like icing on the cake. I am grateful to be a part of the AKGIM family as they taught me to Dream big, and Dare to Do the impossible!
					





Radhika Garg

						Ajay Kumar Garg institute of management is of the best colleges in Delhi /NCR region, the management and discipline of the college is very good the faculty members are very cooperative and helpful ..the major focus is on studies of the students and the activities are conducted to enhance the external corporate culture knowledge to the students..
					





Paras Agarwal

						"Ajay Kumar Garg Institute of Management is a good college for studies.Good track record of placement is there.In college , digital marketing subject is there in course which helps to learn a lot about marketing digitally .Many workshops and seminars conducted which helps to learn and enhance the skills."
					





Shubhi Sharma

						"Top most management institute in delhi ncr with excellent environment , faculty and staff . It does not only provides an excellent education to students but also prepares them to deal in a multilevel dynamic corporate world."
					





Priya Singh

						This is very good college. If you wish to do MBA this campus is a good choice. The campus placements are also very good including the surroundings. The faculties here are also very helpful they are always there to help you in all the academics alongwith overall developement.
					









360 Degree Visual Tour And Special Moments



360 Degree Visual Tour






Library







Computer - Language Lab







Lecture Theater







Ground Floor Main Area







First & Second Floor Academic Zone







AKGIM Campus






Special Moments





GRADUATING CEREMONY







CHANAKYA BUSINESS







CHANKYA PROFESSIONALS







FAREWELL PARTY




More Gallery 







Words of Eminence








Mr H S Cheema
Managing Director, Cheema Boilers Ltd.
"Very good experience with the interaction of students of AKGIM."









Mr Deepak Kumar
Associate Vice President - Data Science, Karvy Insight Ltd.
"Wonderful Faculty Members and students Looking Forward to more interactive session with them."









Prof Sudhir K. Jain
Deptt of Management Studies, IIT Delhi
"AKGIM is an impressive institute with excellent students under a well-meaning competent leadership."









Prof Frank W. Bond
Head Institute of Management Studies,University of London
"I was so impressed with the students of AKGIM, all the faculty members and staff. the facilities were also excellent.Best Wishes."









Ms Mahalakshmi Loganathan
Vice President Strategy,Linchpin Technologies Pvt. ltd
"Competent Leadership and very Impressive students. Excellent Infrastructure of the college. Best WIshes for the team."









Ms Malini Prasad
Zonal Marketing Head-ICICI Securities
"Visiting AKGIM Campus was a great experience.Highly Impressed with interaction with students.The Infrastructure is very good."









Prof Klaus Subtil
An SES Expert, Germany
“It’s been an honour to work with AKGIM‘s outstanding faculty members and their eager students. I am very much looking forward to visit again, excellent infrastructure and hospitality.”









Dr Deepak Vohra
Former Diplomat
“It was a wonderful experience interacting with AKGIM students and faculty members. The infrastructure is marvelous.”









Quick Links

EMAIL
THE INSTITUTE
ACCREDIATION STATUS
DOWNLOADS
AAYAM:CALL FOR PAPERS
LIST OF HOLIDAYS
 GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
AKTU
MANDATORY DISCLOSURE
NIRF
AICTE APPROVALS













Contact us









0120-2762592-99,+91-8744977222









27th Km Milestone, Delhi-Meerut Expressway, P.O. Adhyatmik Nagar, Ghaziabad - 201015









info@akgim.edu.in







Featured Links



Home
About Us
Alumni
Career
Contact us




Other Links



Anti Ragging Complaints
Anti Tobacco Rules




Social Icon

















© 2021. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

















 


