https://www.akgec.ac.in/uhvfdp/
















Faculty/Staff Development Programs - AJAY KUMAR GARG ENGINEERING COLLEGE
































































































AJAY KUMAR GARG ENGINEERING COLLEGE(Affiliated to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University, Lucknow, UP, College Code - 027)






AKGEC ERP Login

Admission Enquiry














MENUMENUABOUT





Vision And MissionDirector GeneralDirectorManagementImportant FunctionariesApprovals by Statutory BodiesNBA AccreditationAICTE Approval Letters 


Infrastructure/Visual Tour

Academic ComplexHostelCentres Of ExcellenceFaith CentreSupport FacilitiesStationary ShopCollege Canteen 
 


AKGEC Visual TourCentre of Excellence Visual TourMandatory DisclosureNIRF Data for RankingGrievance CommitteeOrganisation ChartTestimonialsGallery 
 

DEPARTMENTS





Applied Sciences & HumanitiesCivil EngineeringComputer Science and Engineering 


Electronics and Communication EngineeringElectrical and Electronics EngineeringInformation Technology 


Mechanical EngineeringElectronics and Instrumentation EngineeringMaster of Computer Applications 
 

ACADEMICS





Academic CalendarList of HolidaysAKGEC Digital SchoolSyllabus 


Policy and Process for Refund of Caution MoneyEducational Verification 


Issuance of certificates for passout students 
 

ADMISSIONS





Courses OfferedAdmissionFee Structure for New Students 


Admissions through UPTAC CounsellingFee Structure for Existing StudentsFee Refund Norms 


ScholarshipAdmission Brochure 2024-25Information Booklet 2024-25 
 

R&D





R & D PolicyJournal PapersConference PapersBook/Book ChaptersPatentFunded Projects 


ConsultancyResearch IncentivesAKGEC Journals

AKGEC International Journal of TechnologyGlimpse Journal of Computer Science 
 


Research & Development CentresConferencesFDPsMoUs 
 

LIFE@AKGEC

Societies

Departmental Societies

ConatusNirmaanOorjaPhoenixSamveg 
Extra-Curricular Societies

EuphonyFootprintsHorizonGoonjRenaissanceTaalVervePhotography and Media Club 
Student Chapters

CSIIndian Concrete InstituteRobotics ClubIEEEISTESAE India 
 
EventsSocial Responsibilities

Unnat Bharat Abhiyaan & NSSNature ClubAdarsh Vikas KendraBlood Donation CampEco Friendly EnvironmentSDP For Village StudentsSDP Under PMKVY 
HostelsMediclaim
ACHIEVEMENTS





CFC Foundation StoneDr. R.K Agarwal featured in 100 Great IITiansWorld Bank ConsultantAICTE NominationTraining Program GPP 


Faculty AchievementsStudent Achievements (Technical)Student Achievements (Extra Curricular)Alumni Achievements 


College AwardsChancellor’s AwardAKGECians in Merit ListAcademic Merit Awards 
 

CENTRES OF EXCELLENCEPLACEMENTS

T&P DepartmentOur RecruitersPlacement RecordsPlacement HighlightsPlacement BrochurePlacement Booklet 2022T&P Programmes
COLLEGE PUBLICATIONS

Information Booklet 2024-25Brochure AKGECCollege Magazine (Sampark)CSR BrochureECO-friendly brochureEmergence (Value Education Cell)
VE CELL





Director General MessageAbout VE CellTransformative SharingParticipation in Societal DevelopmentGalleryUpcoming Events 


Activities

Faculty/Staff Development Programs (FDPs/SDPs)Student Development Programs (SDPs)UHV Departmental SeminarsGuest Lectures/WebinarsConceptual EnrichmentNature ClubFuture Forward : Sustainability ClubExtension Activities

Teachers Orientation Program 
UHV Projects

SPC (Sustainable Production Centre)Samriddhi Pravaah 
 
 
 

ALUMNI

Alumni
LIBRARY

Library
IQACAKGEC ERP LOGINCAREERS/VACANCIES 











 

Faculty/Staff Development Programs»

 





Faculty/Staff Development Programs 





 FDP on Consciousness Engineering  (17- 21 December 2024)Dates: 17-21 December 2024Place: ME Conference Hall, ME Block, AKGECTotal Registrations: 35 Total Participants: 26
A 5-day (17-21 December 2024) Consciousness Engineering workshop was conducted by Value Education (VE) Cell with the objective of the in-depth exploration of Feelings and Thoughts 'within' for the selected inclined faculty members of the institute. A total of 26 FMs inquisitively attended the workshop and participated in the exercise (including 7 Steps) of observing the Self (conscious unit) by Self and making an effort to understand the process of harmonious decision-making. This interactive workshop included four sessions per day and was facilitated by Dr Gopal Babu, Coordinator of VE Cell. The objective was to help the faculty members to see the self, the conscious entity; and also, the process of self-exploration. 

 
The workshop was aimed to accomplish the following objectives:– Increase awareness levels– Develop the ability to counsel oneself– Improve the ability to sense our own and others' emotions– Enhance skills to handle reactions, both internal and external– Strengthen teamwork capabilities– Learn to take breaks when necessary– Improve listening skills– Gain wisdom in distinguishing between right and wrong
The workshop was divided into multiple interactive sessions, encouraging attendees to ask questions, provide reflections, and actively participate throughout discussions. Everyone was involved seeking clarifications and meaningful discussions.
The steps covered in the workshop were as follows:1. Be aware– Observe your imagination at this moment, i.e., the desire (feeling), thought, expectation. No Reaction! [MFC: Observation/Conclusion]2. Is the feeling that you have at this moment is naturally acceptable to you? [Feelings/Thoughts]3. Are you in harmony, happy with the feeling that you have at this moment?4. Who decided the feeling that you have at this moment? Did you decide it or someone else/situation outside decided it?5. On what basis did you decide the feeling you have at this moment?Did you decide it on the basis of understanding or on the basis of any assumption? [is the feeling based on my assumption/his behaviour or right understanding/reality]6. a) Which feelings are naturally acceptable to you?Feelings of relationship or opposition, harmony or disharmony, co-existence or struggle?b) Explore within to understand relationship, harmony, and co-existence in its completeness, in the context of whole nature and existence.7. a) Ensure that the feeling that you have at this moment is in line with the feeling of Relationship, Harmony and Co-existence and not otherwise. On this basis, I will be in a state of harmony and happiness at this moment.b) when I am able to understand relationship, harmony and co-existence in its completeness, then, I will be able to decide my feelings and thoughts accordingly in a natural manner, and I will always be comfortable within, I will be in a state of harmony and happiness in continuity.
As part of an evaluation process, the participants were provided with a self-assessment form to gauge their comprehension levels. The one part of the form included four parameters: ‘awareness’, ‘ability to perceive one's own and other’s needs, ‘ability to manage internal and external reactions’, and ‘ability to provide self-counseling’ and the second part included every day key takeaways and a feedback form. Upon reviewing the completed forms, it was evident that many participants experienced improvement in these areas. Also, the participants in their sharing reflected that the workshop was productive in the purification of feelings and thoughts (SANSKARS) and felt sincere gratitude towards the authorities for providing such opportunities and environment in the institute only at desirable intervals.

 

 

 
 FDP on Consciousness Engineering  (30 September- 04 October 2024)Dates: 30 September- 04 October 2024Duration: 4-Day workshop from 8:30 AM-4:15 PM Place: Mini Seminar Hall -1, Admin Block, AKGECTotal Registrations: 38 Total Participants: 35
Highlights: A Four-day (during 30 Sept-4 Oct 2024) Consciousness Engineering workshop was conducted by Value Education (VE) Cell with the objective of the in-depth exploration of Feelings and Thoughts 'within' for the selected inclined faculty members of the institute. A total of 31 FMs and four family members inquisitively attended the workshop and participated in the exercise (including 7 Steps) of observing the Self (conscious unit) by Self and making an effort to understand the process of harmonious decision-making. This interactive workshop included four sessions per day and was facilitated by Dr Gopal Babu, Coordinator of VE Cell. The objective was to help the faculty members to see the self, the conscious entity; and also, the process of self-exploration. 

 
The workshop was aimed to accomplish the following objectives:– Increase awareness levels– Develop the ability to counsel oneself– Improve the ability to sense our own and others' emotions– Enhance skills to handle reactions, both internal and external– Strengthen teamwork capabilities– Learn to take breaks when necessary– Improve listening skills– Gain wisdom in distinguishing between right and wrong
The workshop was divided into multiple interactive sessions, encouraging attendees to ask questions, provide reflections, and actively participate throughout discussions. Everyone was involved seeking clarifications and meaningful discussions.
The steps covered in the workshop were as follows:1. Be aware– Observe your imagination at this moment, i.e., the desire (feeling), thought, expectation. No Reaction! [MFC: Observation/Conclusion]2. Is the feeling that you have at this moment is naturally acceptable to you? [Feelings/Thoughts]3. Are you in harmony, happy with the feeling that you have at this moment?4. Who decided the feeling that you have at this moment? Did you decide it or someone else/situation outside decided it?5. On what basis did you decide the feeling you have at this moment?Did you decide it on the basis of understanding or on the basis of any assumption? [is the feeling based on my assumption/his behaviour or right understanding/reality]6. a) Which feelings are naturally acceptable to you?Feelings of relationship or opposition, harmony or disharmony, co-existence or struggle?b) Explore within to understand relationship, harmony, and co-existence in its completeness, in the context of whole nature and existence.7. a) Ensure that the feeling that you have at this moment is in line with the feeling of Relationship, Harmony and Co-existence and not otherwise. On this basis, I will be in a state of harmony and happiness at this moment.b) when I am able to understand relationship, harmony and co-existence in its completeness, then, I will be able to decide my feelings and thoughts accordingly in a natural manner, and I will always be comfortable within, I will be in a state of harmony and happiness in continuity.
As part of an evaluation process, the participants were provided with a self-assessment form to gauge their comprehension levels. The one part of the form included four parameters: ‘awareness’, ‘ability to perceive one's own and other’s needs, ‘ability to manage internal and external reactions’, and ‘ability to provide self-counselling’ and the second part included every day key takeaways and a feedback form. Upon reviewing the completed forms, it was evident that many participants experienced improvement in these areas. Also, the participants in their sharing’s reflected that the workshop was productive in the purification of feelings and thoughts (SANSKARS) and felt sincere gratitude towards the authorities for providing such opportunities and environment in the institute only at desirable intervals.



 AICTE approved 3-Day Face to Face Introductory FDP (12- 14 August 2024)Dates: 12 – 14 August, 2024Place: Mini Seminar Hall-1, AKGEC GhaziabadTotal Registration – 36Total participants – 34ORGANIZING TEAM – Dr. Gopal Babu, (Coordinator, VE Cell, AKGEC)Mr. B.N.Pandey, (LPC and Member VE Cell, AKGEC)Dr. Akhilesh Verma, (Faculty Volunteer for the UHV FDP, AKGEC)
RP TEAM – Mr. R.P. Singh (Resource Person and Member VE Cell, AKGEC)Dr. Parul Verma (Co-facilitator and Associate Dean VE Cell, AKGEC)Dr. Sumedha Sharma (Observer)

 
SESSION CONDUCTION-•	Natural Acceptance and Self-exploration were well-addressed and received.•	The feelings part was elaborated well and appreciated.•	Participants were focused on the process as needed to observe the feeling governed by the right understanding behind thought which is the basis of work/behaviour. 
PARTICIPANTS MOTIVATION-•	Eager to join weekly meetings & and morning sessions  (approx.20 participants)•	All have shown interest to join Higher Level FDPs on UHV•	PPI – 4-5 were identified, as competent for future volunteering. 
FEW HIGHLIGHTS:1.	The workshop started with a family feel without much formality and succeeded smoothly throughout 3 days.2.	Sessions were interactive and exploratory.3.	Every session was including a recap of the previous session/s.4.	The session on the relationship (harmony in the family) attracted the attention of most of the participants.5.	Participants verified the proposals in family/profession and shared in their self-evaluation.6.	In the valedictory session, participants expressed their satisfaction and expected more such workshops for them.7.	A routine follow-up session was announced for future connectivity with the proposals and to clear doubts.8.	The Observer appreciated the discipline and active involvement of participating staff members. 
NCC-IP (AICTE) acknowledges the college's efforts for Value Education. 



 AICTE approved Self funded 5-Day UHV-II FDP (12- 16 February 2024)
Dates: 12-16 Feb. 2024Place: Main Seminar HallORGANIZING TEAM            Dr Jitender Chhabra-  (LPC, AKGEC, Ghaziabad)Mr B N Pandey (Team Member , AKGEC, Ghaziabad)Dr Arvind Kumar Sharma (Team Member, AKGEC, Ghaziabad)
RP TEAM Dr Parul Verma – (RP, AKGEC, Ghaziabad)Prof Gopal Babu- (Cofacilitator , AKGEC, Ghaziabad)Dr Jyoti Srivastava (Observer, KIET Ghaziabad)

 

Total Registration – 41 Faculty MembersTotal participants – 39 (38 & 1 outside)Completed –             38Self-Evaluation session recording done      

SESSION CONDUCTION-● Natural Acceptance and Self-exploration were well-addressed and received.● The feelings part was elaborated well and appreciated.● VE Cell activity presentation done by Gopal Babu ji motivated all.
PARTICIPANTS MOTIVATION-● To be developed as nodal centers- All● Motivated to teach the subject. 6-7 participants● Eager to join weekly meetings & and morning sessions. 10+3 participants● PPI – 4-5 were identified as competent for future volunteering.

FEW HIGHLIGHTS:1. Workshop started with a family feel without much formality and succeeded smoothly throughout 5 days.2. Sessions were interactive and exploratory.3. Every session included a recap of the previous session/s.4. Session on the relationship (harmony in the family) attracted the attention of most of the participants.5. Participants verified the proposals in family/profession and shared in their self-evaluation.6. In the valedictory session participants expressed their satisfaction and expected more such workshops for them.7. Routine follow-up session was announced for future connectivity with the proposals and clearing doubts.8. The Observer appreciated the discipline and active involvement of participating staff members.9. SPC-made soap was gifted as a small token of appreciation to the observer.
NCC-IP (AICTE) acknowledges the college's efforts for Value Education and Value-Based Living.

 

 

 
 AICTE approved 3-Day Face to Face Introductory FDP (01- 03 January 2024)
Dates: 01st – 03rd January, 2024Place: Main Seminar HallTotal Registration – 45Total participants – 39Facilitator– Mr R.P. Singh and Dr Gopal BabuObserver– Mr Mohd. Arif Khan, KIT KanpurLPC– Mr B N Pandey and Dr Parul Verma

 

Few Highlights:
1. Workshop started with a family feel without much formality and succeeded smoothly throughout 3 days.2. Sharing of the topics was as per the AICTE schedule (PFA).3. Sessions were interactive and exploratory.4. Every session was including a recap of the previous session/s.5. Session on the relationship (harmony in the family) attracted the attention of most of the participants.6. Participants verified the proposals in family/profession and shared in their self-evaluation.7. In the valedictory session participants expressed their satisfaction and expected more such workshops for them.8. Routine follow-up session was announced for future connectivity with the proposals and clearing doubts.9. The Observer appreciated the discipline and active involvement of participating staff members.10. SPC-made soap was gifted as a small token of appreciation to the observer.
VE cell acknowledges the efforts of the college for Value Education and Value Based Living.
 AICTE funded 5-Day UHV-II FDP at AKGEC, Ghaziabad (12-16 Dec. 2023)
Dates: 12th – 16th December, 2023Place: GH-3 Seminar Hall, Girls Hostel (AKGEC)Total Registration – 53 Faculty MembersCompleted – 27 (18M & 9F)Total participants – 29 (20M & 9F)Resided in College Campus – 20 (15M & 5F)
ORGANIZING TEAMMr RP Singh (LPC & Member VE Cell, AKGEC)Prof Gopal Babu (Co-Ordinator VE Cell, AKGEC)Dr Parul Verma (Dean VE Cell, AKGEC)Dr Jitendra Chhabra (Member VE Cell, AKGEC)Mr BN Pandey (Member VE Cell, AKGEC)Dr Akhilesh Verma (Member VE Cell, AKGEC)
RP TEAMMr Moti Chand Yadav (Resource Person)Dr Upasana Mishra (Co-facilitator)Mr Ashutosh Tiwari (Co-facilitator)Mr Parikshit Agarwal (Observer)

 

STATES WISE DATAUP 21Haryana 04Delhi 01MP 01Bihar 01Tamilnadu 01
STAKEHOLDERSRC 01UC 02College VE Cell Coordinators 04
Self-Evaluation session recording done 
SESSION CONDUCTION-. Natural Acceptance and Self-exploration were well-addressed and received.. The feelings part was elaborated well and appreciated.. VE Cell activity presentation done by Gopal Babu ji motivated all.
PARTICIPANTS MOTIVATION-. To be developed as nodal centers- All. Motivated to teach the subject. 6-7 participants. Eager to join weekly meetings & and morning sessions. 10+3 participants. PPI – 4-5 were identified, as competent for future volunteering.

INTERACTION WITH LOCAL UHV VOLUNTEERS- Good Practices. Personal transformation sharings by Prof HK Rai, Prof Manishi Mishra, Prof NK Sharma and Prof Vanchna Singh inspired the participants.. Dr Arun Kr Pandey and Mr Akash Mishra also visited the venue and interacted with participants.
FEW HIGHLIGHTS:1. Workshop started with a family feel without much formality and succeeded smoothly throughout 3 days.2. Sessions were interactive and exploratory.3. Every session was including a recap of the previous session/s.4. Session on the relationship (harmony in the family) attracted the attention of most of the participants.5. Participants verified the proposals in family/profession and shared in their self-evaluation.6. In the valedictory session participants expressed their satisfaction and expected more such workshops for them.7. Routine follow-up session was announced for future connectivity with the proposals and clearing doubts.8. The Observer appreciated the discipline and active involvement of participating staff members.9. SPC-made soap was gifted as a small token of appreciation to the observer.
NCC-IP (AICTE) acknowledges the college's efforts for Value Education and Value-Based Living.
 Face-to-Face UHV-IV FDP on "Vision for Humane Society" (19- 26 August 2023)
Dates: 19th – 26th August, 2023Place: ME Conference Hall, 1st FloorTotal Registration – 26Total participants – 21Resource Person– Dr Gopal BabuCo-Facilitator– Dr. Himanshu Kumar RaiLPC– Mr Anuj Kumar Dwivedi

 

 

Few Highlights:
AKTU-approved 8-day Face-to-Face UHV-IV FDP on “Vision for Humane Society" was conducted at AKGEC's ME Conference Hall from 19th August to 26th August 2023. The aim of the FDP was to train AKTU faculty members to teach the final year students (Vision for Humane Society), which is an open elective offered in the 7th semester for AKTU students. The FDP was designed to help participants visualise a humane society that allows everyone to live a happy and harmonious life.
The FDP was a great success, and 21 faculty members from different colleges of AKTU participated and successfully completed the program. Dr. Gopal Babu was the resource person, Dr. Himanshu Kumar Rai was the co-facilitator, and Mr Anuj Kumar Dwivedi was the LPC. All the participants received certificates at the end of the program.
The program was appreciated by all the participants as they found it useful for their students and the potential to change society. The following colleges participated in the FDP:
1. GREATER NOIDA INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY, GREATER NOIDA2. INDERPRASTHA ENGINEERING COLLEGE, GHAZIABAD3. AJAY KUMAR GARG ENGINEERING COLLEGE, GHAZIABAD4. SANSKAR COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY, GHAZIABAD5. KIET GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS, GHAZIABAD6. DOON UNIVERSITY, DEHRADUN7. ANAND ENGINEERING COLLEGE, AGRA8. ABES INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, GHAZIABAD9. FEROZE GANDHI INSTITUTE OF ENGG & TECHNOLOGY, RAEBARELI10. GALGOTIAS COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY, GREATER NOIDA11. JAIPURIA INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT, GHAZIABAD12. B.M.A.S. ENGINEERING COLLEGE (SGI GROUP), AGRA.
 3-Day Face to Face Introductory FDP (for Staff) (05- 07 April 2023)
Dates: 5th – 7th April, 2023Place: ML-36, ME Block, 2d FloorTotal Registration – 42Total participants – 39Facilitator– Dr Parul Verma and Mr BN PandeyObserver– Mr Kaushal Gupta, ABESIT, GhaziabadLPC– Mr R.P. Singh

 

Few Highlights:
.Workshop started with a family feel without much formality and succeeded smoothly throughout 3days..Sharing of the topics was as per the AICTE schedule (PFA)..Sessions were interactive and exploratory..Every session was including a recap of the previous session/s..Session on the relationship (harmony in the family) attracted the attention of most of the participants..Participants verified the proposals in family/profession and shared in their self-evaluation.In the valedictory session participants expressed their satisfaction and expected more such workshops for them..Routine follow-up session was announced for future connectivity with the proposals and clearing doubts..Observer appreciated the discipline and active involvement of participating staff members..SPC-made soap was gifted as a small token of appreciation to the observer.
VE cell acknowledges the efforts of the college for Value Education and Value B

 

 

 

 
 An Experiential Exploration of Human Values (9-12 March 2023)
A four-day UHV activity-based workshop was organized by VE Cell, AKGEC in coordination with ISABS (Indian Society for Applied Behavioral Science) during 9–12 March 2023 (9 AM – 5 PM), in ME Conference Hall. The workshop was facilitated by Dr. Rashmi Saxena & Dr. Rachna Sharma(ISABS Professionals).Indian Society for Applied Behavioral Science (ISABS) is a national, nonprofit voluntary society of behavioral scientists engaged in applying their knowledge and skill to the well-being of persons, organizations, communities, and the society at large. The workshop was planned by Dr. Gopal Babu, Coordinator, VE Cell, AKGEC under.
The following faculty members (including Prof. V.K. Parashar, Head VE Cell, AKGEC) actively participated in this small group workshop-



FMs from the college
FMs from outside


Dr. Upasana Mishra, CSE
Mr. Bhanu Pratap Singh, AP, CSJMU Kanpur


Mr. Akhilesh Verma, CSE
Dr. Kumar Sambhav, UPID Noida, NCCIP Member


Mr. BN Pandey, CSE
Mr. Alok Pandey, KIET Ghaziabad


Dr. Parul Verma, ASH
Mr. NK Sharma, IMS  Ghaziabad


Mr. RP Singh, ECE
Dr. Vanchna Singh, Self Employed


Dr. Jitendra Chaabra, ECE
Mr. Himanshu Kumar Rai (Guest Faculty, DU)




The following were the highlights of the workshop-

It was an unstructured workshop, where the experiential learning was in the Centre.
The workshop was specifically focused on observing feelings/emotions of the immediate moment (being aware and honest about – Here and Now).
Time, Territory and Task were cautiously cared for, disallowing any past reference or future assumptions ie avoiding Then or There), while interacting and dealing with participants and self-planned tasks.
The present was emphasized as the best-owned reality one can see.
Self-Image was recognized as a big challenge rather main culprit, responsible for the unawareness about feelings and behavioural ambiguities.
Availability of feelings, and acknowledging them, facilitates natural expression in behaviour. The same was exercised.
Expression has a CHOICE, may be verbal/nonverbal/pictorial/violent/nonviolent. The same was discussed and experienced.

The following were the main observations in the workshop-

The process connects with the first step of EXERCISE 1 of UHV, ie seeing the Self by the Self (without any reaction or evaluation).
Every moment of awareness about our being was been practiced formally.
The process is complementary to developing competence in observing feelings (emotions).
The existence (goal) is one similar reality, but the process/mechanism to know/understand the existence is variable.

Extracted Recommendations after the workshop were-

Integration of efficient steps (from various processes) may be evolved to suit the human desire of KNOWING/ UNDERSTANDING.
Participant’s periodic follow-up (online) is desirable to evaluate the gradual transformation.
Frequent such short crisp workshops may be planned, purposely for experiential validation (Steps of Exercise 1 and 2), for intense UHV explorers. This idea was shared with the honorable DG for his kind consideration.


 

 

 

 
 Face-to-face (Self-funded) FDP on UHV-II (19-23 December 2022)
 


 FDP for Student Induction (06- 13 April 2022)
AICTE Approved – Faculty Development Programme for Student Induction (Universal Human Values)Dates – 06-13 April 2022)Organized by – Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College, Ghaziabad, U.PTotal No. of Registrations- 36No. of Participants from AICTE Affiliated Institutions- 27No of Participants from Host Institution- 25No. of Universities Represented – 1No. of Institutions Represented – 2

 

 











							27th Km Milestone,Delhi-Meerut Expressway,P.O. Adhyatmik Nagar,Ghaziabad - 201015
						




8744052891-937290034978
						
Admissions Enquiry: 1800-200-0777






info@akgec.ac.in





Quick Links :


AKGIM-MBA Admission
AKGIM-MBA
AICTE Approval Letters
NIRF Data for Ranking 2024
Mandatory Disclosure
Open Educational Resources (OER)
Online Reporting of Ragging Cases
Fee Fixation Letter
Grievance Committee
Internal Complaints Committee



About AKGEC

					Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College (AKGEC) offers four year under graduate B.Tech course in all major engineering branches, two year post graduate M.Tech course in four engineering branches and two year post graduate MCA course.
				




Admission Enquiry Form
 

 .




















