https://www.akgec.ac.in/about/
















About | Best Private Engineering Colleges With Best Placements Wise
































































































AJAY KUMAR GARG ENGINEERING COLLEGE(Affiliated to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University, Lucknow, UP, College Code - 027)






AKGEC ERP Login

Admission Enquiry














MENUMENUABOUT





Vision And MissionDirector GeneralDirectorManagementImportant FunctionariesApprovals by Statutory BodiesNBA AccreditationAICTE Approval Letters 


Infrastructure/Visual Tour

Academic ComplexHostelCentres Of ExcellenceFaith CentreSupport FacilitiesStationary ShopCollege Canteen 
 


AKGEC Visual TourCentre of Excellence Visual TourMandatory DisclosureNIRF Data for RankingGrievance CommitteeOrganisation ChartTestimonialsGallery 
 

DEPARTMENTS





Applied Sciences & HumanitiesCivil EngineeringComputer Science and Engineering 


Electronics and Communication EngineeringElectrical and Electronics EngineeringInformation Technology 


Mechanical EngineeringElectronics and Instrumentation EngineeringMaster of Computer Applications 
 

ACADEMICS





Academic CalendarList of HolidaysAKGEC Digital SchoolSyllabus 


Policy and Process for Refund of Caution MoneyEducational Verification 


Issuance of certificates for passout students 
 

ADMISSIONS





Courses OfferedAdmissionFee Structure for New Students 


Admissions through UPTAC CounsellingFee Structure for Existing StudentsFee Refund Norms 


ScholarshipAdmission Brochure 2024-25Information Booklet 2024-25 
 

R&D





R & D PolicyJournal PapersConference PapersBook/Book ChaptersPatentFunded Projects 


ConsultancyResearch IncentivesAKGEC Journals

AKGEC International Journal of TechnologyGlimpse Journal of Computer Science 
 


Research & Development CentresConferencesFDPsMoUs 
 

LIFE@AKGEC

Societies

Departmental Societies

ConatusNirmaanOorjaPhoenixSamveg 
Extra-Curricular Societies

EuphonyFootprintsHorizonGoonjRenaissanceTaalVervePhotography and Media Club 
Student Chapters

CSIIndian Concrete InstituteRobotics ClubIEEEISTESAE India 
 
EventsSocial Responsibilities

Unnat Bharat Abhiyaan & NSSNature ClubAdarsh Vikas KendraBlood Donation CampEco Friendly EnvironmentSDP For Village StudentsSDP Under PMKVY 
HostelsMediclaim
ACHIEVEMENTS





CFC Foundation StoneDr. R.K Agarwal featured in 100 Great IITiansWorld Bank ConsultantAICTE NominationTraining Program GPP 


Faculty AchievementsStudent Achievements (Technical)Student Achievements (Extra Curricular)Alumni Achievements 


College AwardsChancellor’s AwardAKGECians in Merit ListAcademic Merit Awards 
 

CENTRES OF EXCELLENCEPLACEMENTS

T&P DepartmentOur RecruitersPlacement RecordsPlacement HighlightsPlacement BrochurePlacement Booklet 2022T&P Programmes
COLLEGE PUBLICATIONS

Information Booklet 2024-25Brochure AKGECCollege Magazine (Sampark)CSR BrochureECO-friendly brochureEmergence (Value Education Cell)
VE CELL





Director General MessageAbout VE CellTransformative SharingParticipation in Societal DevelopmentGalleryUpcoming Events 


Activities

Faculty/Staff Development Programs (FDPs/SDPs)Student Development Programs (SDPs)UHV Departmental SeminarsGuest Lectures/WebinarsConceptual EnrichmentNature ClubFuture Forward : Sustainability ClubExtension Activities

Teachers Orientation Program 
UHV Projects

SPC (Sustainable Production Centre)Samriddhi Pravaah 
 
 
 

ALUMNI

Alumni
LIBRARY

Library
IQACAKGEC ERP LOGINCAREERS/VACANCIES 











 

ABOUT»

 





ABOUT 







SCALING THE ZENITH OF EXCELLENCE 

Driven by its commitment to provide quality technical education, Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College has become the best Engineering institution in Uttar Pradesh.
Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College (AKGEC), Ghaziabad is affiliated to Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University, Lucknow, and is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education. The college was established in 1998 and offers B.Tech courses in nine disciplines of Engineering namely Computer Science and Engineering, Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Science & Information Technology, Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning), Computer Science and Engineering (Data Science), Computer Science and Engineering (Hindi), Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Civil Engineering. B.Tech programs in Computer Science and Engineering, Information Technology, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering and Mechanical Engineering are accredited by NBA. At the post graduate level, the College offers M.Tech in Electronics & Communication Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical and Electronics Engineering and Mechanical Engineering and the Master of Computer Applications course.
The college strives for excellence and has been consistently maintaining excellent academic results and placements. The college has the distinction of being the first and only college in UP to receive the Academic Excellence Award for the Best Engineering College in UPTU (now AKTU) from H.E. the Governor of UP for two successive years. It is a matter of pride for the College to maintain a superlative overall academic performance over the years with a large number of students appearing in the University Merit List every year. The College has the honor of being awarded the Chancellor’s Award for highest marks in all B.Tech courses for five consecutive years in 2015-16, 2016-17, 2017-18, 2018-19 and 2019-20 since its inception in 2016.
Spread over 40 acre campus, AKGEC has excellent infrastructure with well-planned complexes for each department having spacious laboratories, class rooms equipped with state-of-the-art teaching aids, department libraries and faculty cabins. Departmental laboratories have the latest equipment and relevant licensed software. The college has state-of-the-art computing facilities with over 1400 computers networked through broadband for Internet access. The college has a fully automated central library with over 1,00,000 books, national/international journals including e-journals and multimedia resources.
Wi-Fi enabled campus includes faculty residences and three boys and three girls hostels accommodating over 1500 students. Hostels have a library, TV room, canteen, general store, well equipped gymnasium as well as indoor and outdoor sports facilities.
Intellectual property, which is reflected by the caliber of faculty, is a strong point for AKGEC. The Director General, Dr R.K. Agarwal is a B. Tech from IIT, Kanpur, MS from C.I.T., Cranfield, U.K. and Ph.D from IISc, Bangalore. With such a strong intellectual capital, the college fosters and encourages a teaching methodology that has both a theoretical and practical approach. The Chairman, Shri Ashok Pal, an engineer and eminent educationist, says, “The College milieu encourages every student to develop respect for established norms and values and at the same time understand the importance of technical knowledge in human development”
The college places special emphasis on collaboration with industries at various levels to groom the students to meet the industry standards. These include establishing collaborative facilities for student training in emerging multi disciplinary technologies and undertaking industry sponsored consultancy projects.
The college has the distinction of being the only Engineering College in the State of U.P. to have received approval from Department of Science and Technology (DST), Government of India, for establishment of Centre of Relevance and Excellence (CORE) in the field of Automation & Robotics. The program envisages a unique partnership between AKGEC and nine international industries to promote research, consultancy, project development and training in the emerging technological field of Automation and Robotics.
The college has set up India’s first Industrial Robotic Training Centre in collaboration with Kuka Robotics of Germany. The centre is equipped with standard training cell comprising of KUKA KR-16 Industrial Robot with required auxiliary equipment and KUKA KR-5 Arc Welding Robot with MIG welding equipment and torch. In addition to this, the centre offers expert level trainings in various state-of-the-art robotic applications including Robo milling, Robotic CMT, Robotic time twin welding, Robotic ultrasonic welding, Robotic vision system and spot welding etc. The centre also has a Robotics Computer Simulation Lab with software like Sim Pro and Sim Layout used to design, develop and simulate robotic operations for different industrial applications. The centre provides internationally recognized certification for its Basic, Advanced and Expert level training programs in this emerging technological area.
The College has established the first NI LabVIEW Academy in the state of U.P. in collaboration with National Instruments. The Academy is equipped with Laboratory Virtual Instrumentation Engineering Workband (LabVIEW) with built in functionality for simulation, data acquisition, instrument control, measurement analysis, data presentation and state-of-the-art Education Laboratory Virtual Instrumentation Suite (ELVIS) for training on concepts of Sensorics, Mechatronics and Controls. The Academy offers courses which provide opportunity to obtain three-part NI LabVIEW certification, namely CLAD, CLD & CLA, that imparts broad working knowledge of the LabVIEW environment. Till now Labview Academy has conducted more than 36 training courses and trained nearly 600+ engineers. The Academy has also achieved international recognized 215 CLAD Certification (out of 1900 in the country) and 18 CLD certifications (out of 241 in the country). To recognize the spectacular outcomes consistently since last three years, the academy has been selected as “Best LabVIEW Academy in India” amongest 93 academies in India. This award was given during ‘NI days 2016” conference held on 19th October, 2016 at Bangalore.
The College has also set up the first Centre of Competence in Automation Technologies in North India in collaboration with BOSCH Rexroth AG, Germany. The centre aims to train young engineering graduates of all disciplines to meet industry expectations and foster research in the multidisciplinary field of automation technologies. This centre has six laboratories equipped with state-of-the-art equipment to teach and train students and professionals in Industrial Hydraulics, Pneumatics, Sensorics, Drives & Control, CNC, PLCs and Mechatronics at par with international standards.
The PLM Centre of Excellence set up in association with SIEMENS aims to develop engineering professionals equipped with next generation technologies. The centre provides education to the next generation of designers/engineers on software including SOLIDEDGE, NX and CAD/CAM/CAE for digital product engineering, Team Centre for product life cycle management and Technomatix for digital manufacturing. It addresses diverse industry segments like automotive, industrial machinery, industrial automation, aerospace and shipbuilding.
To promote Industry oriented teaching learning, AKGEC has setup Centre for Integrated Automation in association with Automation Industry Association (AIA). This initiative of AIA is intended to share global quality learning processes from its vast pool of member companies with chosen Engineering Colleges of our country. Industry partners namely Siemens, Pepperel + Fuchs, Festo and B&R have taken the lead among all industry members of AIA to support the initiative. Main objective of this Centre is to encourage engineering students to take up this multidisciplinary field as a choice of their career and get hands-on experience with latest state-of-the-art integrated automation technologies as per industry expectations.
The College has also set up U.P.’s first Industrial Pneumatic Knowledge Centre (IPKC) in collaboration with Janatics, Coimbatore. The initiative of setting up IPKC reflects Janatics’ endeavour to contribute towards producing skilled workforce in Pneumatics which will help manufacturing sector to adopt to changes related to automation in substantive way. The IPKC also functions as National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC) Training-cum-Incubation Centre.
Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College, jointly with Fronius International GmbH has set up India’s first Advanced Welding Technology and Research Centre (AWTRC) in the state of Uttar Pradesh. AWTRC has been established with an aim of developing outstanding infrastructure for becoming a globally recognized source of a competitive workforce and cost-effective, superior-performing welding technologies by conducting training, research and development in the field of welding science, engineering and automation technology.
AKGEC, jointly with SIEMENS, has set up Advance Manufacturing Centre for SMEs and educational institutions at Ghaziabad. The AKGEC- Siemens Training Centre is setup to produce highly skilled technical manpower in the field of Advance Manufacturing. The trained manpower will help Indian Manufacturing Industry to adopt latest technologies to improve quality and work conditions with high productivity. This collaborative effort of AKGEC and industry partners has the main objective to encourage young professionals to take up this cross disciplinary field as a career of their choice and acquaint them with latest technological developments in the field of manufacturing and Reverse Engineering.
Fab Lab is an initiative of Prof. Neil Gershenfeld from MIT, USA which is typically equipped with an array of flexible computer-controlled tools that cover several different length scales and various materials, with the aim to make “almost anything". AKGEC has established Fab Lab in response to the need arising from students requiring a dedicated space and appropriate equipment to develop their projects. Since then it evolved from being just a product development Centre to a facility focused on promoting innovation, imparting much-needed skills for innovators and help developing competency across different disciplines including mechanical, electronics and embedded development areas.
The efforts of the college to bridge the gap between academic curriculum and industry requirements through these centers of Excellence & Competence have been recognized and the college is the recipient of the CMAI Best Industry Interface award from the Hon’ble Minister of Science & Technology, UP Govt.
AKGEC in its endeavor to promote technical competency of engineering graduates, Diploma and ITI candidates has established Skill Development Centre in collaboration with National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC), Ministry of Skill Development & Entrepreneurship, Govt. of India under AKGEC Skills Foundation. This initiative is supported by reputed multinational industries of Europe like SIEMENS, Fronius, Messer and Carl Zeiss as per the International didactic concepts. This centre has world class State-of-the-art infrastructure and facilities to train young Engineers, Polytechnic and ITI candidates in the field of Conventional and Computer Aided Manufacturing, Robot Assisted Manufacturing, Robotic Manufacturing, Manual & Robotic Arc Welding, Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) and High-End Reverse Engineering processes.
In addition, the College has established the Big Data Centre of Excellence, Software Development Centre and Open Source Software Research & Development lab. These centers are run and managed entirely by the students to promote software development for the college as well as external clients, conduct training programs in various technologies and host competitions.
As a result of these initiatives, the college has been having excellent campus placements. During the current academic year, over 800 students have been placed in PSUs and reputed organizations like Infosys, HCL Technologies, L&T, L&T Infotech, Hyundai, Wipro Technologies, Jakson Engineers Ltd., NTPC, IBM, Indian Air Force and the Indian Army.
The main distinguishing features of the college have been uniform transparent policies and systems as well as uncompromising honesty in every facet of its activities. The college believes in setting audacious goals and infusing fresh ideas to achieve them.


HIGHLIGHTS


 MILESTONES
Recipient of Academic Excellence Trophy for “Best Engineering College in UPTU" for two successive years from H.E., The Governor of U.P.
The only Institution in U.P. to have received approval from DST, Govt. of India, for establishment of Centre of Relevance and Excellence (CORE) in the field of Industrial Automation & Robotics
Skill Development Centre established in partnership with National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC)
Best LabVlEW Academy in India Award by National Instrument
Best Robolab Setup Award 2020 by All India Council for Robotics & Automation (AICRA)
Excellence and Innovation in the Robotics Education Award 2019  by All India Council for Robotics & Automation (AICRA)


Best Technology Infrastructure of the Year Award 2018 by All India Council for Robotics and Automation
Best Vocational Robotics Education Award 2018 by All India Council for Robotics and Automation
Best Industry Institute Interaction Award – 2018 by NAFEMS
Accreditation of Measurement and Metrology Centre by National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL)
Best Private Engineering College in North India Award – 2018 during 4th Dialogue India Academia Conclave

 INNOVATIVE PROJECTS BY STUDENTS
Student Project “Waste Segregation Model" declared Winner of AKTU State Technical, Literary & Management Fest 2019-20.
Student Project “Automated Inventory Management System" declared Winner of Mitsubishi Electric Gold Cup 2017
Student Project “Win Switch" awarded amongst best three projects by “US-India Startup Forum" along with other two projects from alumni of llT Kanpur & IIM Ahmedabad
Best Student Project Award by Fluid Power Society of India at IISc, Bangalore


Winner of Inspiration Award in Smart India Hackathon organized by Ministry of HRD & AICTE
Five students awarded as “University Innovation Fellows" by H.P. Institute of Design, Stanford University, USA
Student Project “Smart Agriculturist Support System" awarded second prize in NIYANTRA-2017
Runner-up Gradibility Award in Efficycle-2017 event

 UNMATCHED AND UNBEATABLE RECORDS BY STUDENTS
AKTU Chancellor’s Medal for securing maximum marks across the branches bagged by AKGEC students for five consecutive years 2015-16, 2016-17, 2017-18, 2018-19 and 2019-20.
Excellent performance in GATE 2020 with Amulya Agrawal securing 422 All India Rank
Excellent performance in CAT 2019 with Dipank Agarwal and Srishti Singh securing 90.05 and 89.36 percentile respectively
Students selected in IITs, IISc Bangalore, NITs, IIMs, IMT, XLRI and many other eminent institutions


More than 800 placements in good companies like Infosys, Wipro, TCS, IBM India, Amazon, Capgemini, Cognizant, HCL, HSBC Software Development (India) Pvt. Ltd., BYJU’S, Ceasefire Industries, DLT Labs, DXC Technology, Extramarks, Global Logic, Jaro Education, Josh Technology, Lohia Corp Limited (Lohia Group), MAQ Software, Motherson Sumi Infotech & Design Systems, Nagarro, NEC Technologies, Newgen Software, NIIT Technologies, OPPO Mobiles India, Torrent Power, Vedantu Innovations and many more
215 students of AKGEC amongst 1900 CLAD certified and 18 students amongst 241 CLD certified professionals in the whole country


 











							27th Km Milestone,Delhi-Meerut Expressway,P.O. Adhyatmik Nagar,Ghaziabad - 201015
						




8744052891-937290034978
						
Admissions Enquiry: 1800-200-0777






info@akgec.ac.in





Quick Links :


AKGIM-MBA Admission
AKGIM-MBA
AICTE Approval Letters
NIRF Data for Ranking 2024
Mandatory Disclosure
Open Educational Resources (OER)
Online Reporting of Ragging Cases
Fee Fixation Letter
Grievance Committee
Internal Complaints Committee



About AKGEC

					Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College (AKGEC) offers four year under graduate B.Tech course in all major engineering branches, two year post graduate M.Tech course in four engineering branches and two year post graduate MCA course.
				




Admission Enquiry Form
 

 .



















