https://www.akgec.ac.in/departments/computer-science-and-engineering/
















AKGEC | Top Computer Science Engineering Colleges in Ghaziabad



































































































AJAY KUMAR GARG ENGINEERING COLLEGE(Affiliated to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University, Lucknow, UP, College Code - 027)






AKGEC ERP Login

Admission Enquiry














MENUMENUABOUT





Vision And MissionDirector GeneralDirectorManagementImportant FunctionariesApprovals by Statutory BodiesNBA AccreditationAICTE Approval Letters 


Infrastructure/Visual Tour

Academic ComplexHostelCentres Of ExcellenceFaith CentreSupport FacilitiesStationary ShopCollege Canteen 
 


AKGEC Visual TourCentre of Excellence Visual TourMandatory DisclosureNIRF Data for RankingGrievance CommitteeOrganisation ChartTestimonialsGallery 
 

DEPARTMENTS





Applied Sciences & HumanitiesCivil EngineeringComputer Science and Engineering 


Electronics and Communication EngineeringElectrical and Electronics EngineeringInformation Technology 


Mechanical EngineeringElectronics and Instrumentation EngineeringMaster of Computer Applications 
 

ACADEMICS





Academic CalendarList of HolidaysAKGEC Digital SchoolSyllabus 


Policy and Process for Refund of Caution MoneyEducational Verification 


Issuance of certificates for passout students 
 

ADMISSIONS





Courses OfferedAdmissionFee Structure for New Students 


Admissions through UPTAC CounsellingFee Structure for Existing StudentsFee Refund Norms 


ScholarshipAdmission Brochure 2024-25Information Booklet 2024-25 
 

R&D





R & D PolicyJournal PapersConference PapersBook/Book ChaptersPatentFunded Projects 


ConsultancyResearch IncentivesAKGEC Journals

AKGEC International Journal of TechnologyGlimpse Journal of Computer Science 
 


Research & Development CentresConferencesFDPsMoUs 
 

LIFE@AKGEC

Societies

Departmental Societies

ConatusNirmaanOorjaPhoenixSamveg 
Extra-Curricular Societies

EuphonyFootprintsHorizonGoonjRenaissanceTaalVervePhotography and Media Club 
Student Chapters

CSIIndian Concrete InstituteRobotics ClubIEEEISTESAE India 
 
EventsSocial Responsibilities

Unnat Bharat Abhiyaan & NSSNature ClubAdarsh Vikas KendraBlood Donation CampEco Friendly EnvironmentSDP For Village StudentsSDP Under PMKVY 
HostelsMediclaim
ACHIEVEMENTS





CFC Foundation StoneDr. R.K Agarwal featured in 100 Great IITiansWorld Bank ConsultantAICTE NominationTraining Program GPP 


Faculty AchievementsStudent Achievements (Technical)Student Achievements (Extra Curricular)Alumni Achievements 


College AwardsChancellor’s AwardAKGECians in Merit ListAcademic Merit Awards 
 

CENTRES OF EXCELLENCEPLACEMENTS

T&P DepartmentOur RecruitersPlacement RecordsPlacement HighlightsPlacement BrochurePlacement Booklet 2022T&P Programmes
COLLEGE PUBLICATIONS

Information Booklet 2024-25Brochure AKGECCollege Magazine (Sampark)CSR BrochureECO-friendly brochureEmergence (Value Education Cell)
VE CELL





Director General MessageAbout VE CellTransformative SharingParticipation in Societal DevelopmentGalleryUpcoming Events 


Activities

Faculty/Staff Development Programs (FDPs/SDPs)Student Development Programs (SDPs)UHV Departmental SeminarsGuest Lectures/WebinarsConceptual EnrichmentNature ClubFuture Forward : Sustainability ClubExtension Activities

Teachers Orientation Program 
UHV Projects

SPC (Sustainable Production Centre)Samriddhi Pravaah 
 
 
 

ALUMNI

Alumni
LIBRARY

Library
IQACAKGEC ERP LOGINCAREERS/VACANCIES 











 

DEPARTMENTS»
Computer Science and Engineering»

 





Computer Science and Engineering 







Faculty 




Labs 




Achievements 




Society 




Departmental Activities 




CSE Journals 


B. Tech. Computer Science and Engineering 180B. Tech. Computer Science 150B. Tech. Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning) 120B. Tech. Computer Science and Engineering (Data Science) 60B. Tech. Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning 60M. Tech. Computer Science and Engineering 18


Department of Computer Science and Engineering at AKGEC was formed in 1998 with inception of the college. The Department provides an outstanding research environment complemented by excellence in teaching. Ever since its inception, the department has been a pioneering academic centre for higher education, research, and innovation in key areas of Computer Science. The department provides full support to MTech. scholars in terms dissertation guidance, lab facilities and access to international and national journals.
Experienced and senior faculty members are assigned for MTech courses and dissertation work of the scholars. The faculty members and M Tech scholars have published good quality research papers in peer-reviewed and indexed journals and International Conferences in the previous years.



 Vision & Mission
VisionTo be a centre of excellence in providing globally standard education and training in the field of Computer Science & Engineering for producing competent and responsible professionals.


MissionTo prepare students for successful careers and lifelong learning in Computer Science & Engineering while inculcating professional behavior, strong ethical values and leadership abilities in them.




PEOs, POs and PSOs






 Program Educational Objectives (PEO) of CSE Department
PEO 1.The graduates of CSE will have a strong foundation in mathematical, scientific and engineering fundamentals necessary to formulate, solve and analyze engineering problem in their career.
PEO 2.The graduates of CSE will have the ability to analyse the requirements, understand the technical specifications and design the engineering solutions by applying computer science theory and principles.
PEO 3.The graduates of CSE will have exposure to work as teams on emerging cutting edge technologies with effective communication skills and leadership qualities.
PEO 4.The graduates of CSE will have successful career by engaging in life long learning.
PEO 5.The graduates of CSE will have skills to work collaboratively on multidisciplinary projects and exhibit high level of professional and ethical values.
 Updated Program Outcomes (PO) of CSE Department w.e.f. Session 2017-18
Engineering Graduates will be able to:
PO 1.Engineering knowledge :- Apply the knowledge of mathematics, science, engineering fundamentals, and an engineering specialization to the solution of complex Computer Science & Engineering problems.
PO 2.Problem analysis :- Identify, formulate, review research literature, and analyze complex engineering problems reaching substantiated conclusions using first principles of mathematics, natural sciences, and engineering sciences.
PO 3.Design/development of solutions :- Design solutions for complex Computer Science & Engineering problems and design system components or processes that meet the specified needs with appropriate consideration for the public health and safety, and the cultural, societal, and environmental considerations.
PO 4.Conduct investigations of complex problems :- Use research-based knowledge and research methods including design of experiments, analysis and interpretation of data, and synthesis of the information to provide valid conclusions.
PO 5.Modern tool usage :- Create, select, and apply appropriate techniques, resources, and modern engineering and IT tools including prediction and modeling to complex Computer Science & engineering activities with an understanding of the limitations.
PO 6.The engineer and society :- Apply reasoning informed by the contextual knowledge to assess societal, health, safety, legal and cultural issues and the consequent responsibilities relevant to the professional engineering practice.
PO 7.Environment and sustainability :- Understand the impact of the professional engineering solutions in societal and environmental contexts, and demonstrate the knowledge of, and need for sustainable development.
PO 8.Ethics :- Apply ethical principles and commit to professional ethics and responsibilities and norms of the engineering practice.
PO 9.Individual and team work :- Function effectively as an individual, and as a member or leader in diverse teams, and in multidisciplinary settings.
PO 10.Communication :- Communicate effectively on complex Computer Science & engineering activities with the engineering community and with society at large, such as, being able to comprehend and write effective reports and design documentation, make effective presentations, and give and receive clear instructions.
PO 11.Project management and finance :- Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the engineering and management principles and apply these to one’s own work, as a member and leader in a team, to manage projects and in multidisciplinary environments.
PO 12.Life-long learning :- Recognize the need for, and have the preparation and ability to engage in independent and life-long learning in the broadest context of technological changes in the field of Computer Science.
 Program Specific Outcomes (PSOs) w.e.f. Session 2016-17
PSO 1.Ability to exhibit analytical & logical skills and apply knowledge of Maths and Computer Science to design, develop, test and maintenance of software solutions.
PSO 2.Ability to identify, formulate and resolve real life/social problems by using current computer technology.



HOD






Dr. Anu Chaudhary, is a Professor and Head at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering. He has an extensive background in both academia and industry, with over 22 years of experience. He holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Gurukul Kangari University, Hardwar (U.K) India, specializing in the field of “Performance Evaluation of High Speed Data Networks." He also has an M. Tech in Computer Science from Birla Institute of Technology (BIT), Mesra Ranchi, and an MCA from the University of Madras. Dr. Chaudhary has made notable contributions to research, having published more than 20 research papers in both international and national journals and conferences. He holds 6 patents at the national level. His academic engagement includes guiding Ph.D. scholars, as well as supervising numerous M.Tech, MCA, and B.Tech projects. Dr. Chaudhary current area of research is in the field of High Speed Data Networks, Machine Learning, Data Science and related domains.
He's an active participant in the academic community, serving on editorial and reviewer boards of various national and international journals. He has also taken on leadership roles by chairing multiple national and international conferences. Dr. Chaudhary is a member of several technical societies, including the Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE) and the Computer Society of India (CSI).

Prof (Dr.) Anu ChaudharyPh.D (Computer Science), M.Tech (Computer Science), MCA 
8527976204 (M) 
hodcse@akgec.ac.in, chaudharyanu@akgec.ac.in, getanuchaudhary@yahoo.com, dr.anuchaudhary@gmail.com



CSE Faculty






Faculty at AKGEC fulfil multiple roles as educators, researchers and professionals having a broad range of backgrounds, scholarly interests and areas of expertise thereby bringing substantial achievement in professional practice and research into the classroom.

[gs_team theme="gs_tm_theme1" group="CSE Faculty" cols="2"]



		VIEW ALL	



Labs










Python LanguageProgramming Lab







Software Engineering Lab







C programming Lab







Operating System Lab







Web TechnologyLab







Computer Network Lab







M. Tech. Lab







Project Lab



 Adequate and Well Equipped Laboratories of CSE Department
1. The department has adequate number of laboratories as per requirement (strength of students in the department and number of labs / practical courses mentioned in syllabus scheme of university (AKTU, Lucknow).
2. These laboratories are fully equipped with hardware kits / equipment’s, software tools and consumables.
3. These labs have all the basic as well as advanced level facilities to fulfil the requirements of UG, PG and PhD level courses.
4. These laboratories are utilized by the students and faculty members of CSE department for performing the practical experiments, doing the Project Work and Research Activities (R & D).
5. One dedicated lab staff member is always present in each lab room (responsibility of each lab room has been assigned to a particular lab staff).
6. Adequate Budget is planned and expenditure is done from the allocated fund to ensure the repairing of faulty equipment’s, purchase of consumables, lab equipment’s / hardware kits and software tools.
 The department is equipped with the following labs (for Odd and Even Semesters)

B. Tech. (CSE)


1. Data Structures using C / Java Lab2. Artificial Intelligence Lab3. Computer Graphics Lab4. Database Management System Lab5. Principle of Programming Languages Lab6. Python Language Programming Lab7. Programming for Problem Solving Lab8. Design & Analysis of Algorithm Lab9. Web Technology Lab10. Operating System Lab11. Mini Project Lab12. Compiler Design Lab13. Discrete Structures & Logic Lab14. Computer Networks Lab15. Project Lab16. Distributed System Lab17. Data Ware housing & Data Mining Lab18. Computer Organization Lab


M. Tech (CSE)


1. Foundation of Computer Science Lab2. Advanced Algorithms Lab3. Wireless & Mobile Networks Lab
 LAB-INCHARGES
Laboratories are the most important part of engineering institutions. Students need to learn engineering concepts practically. With fast growing computer science field, students need to perform more innovative and quality experiments in addition to their curriculum. Keeping in view the above aspect and to make the laboratories more useful for students by creating new facilities and innovations, following faculty members are nominated as Lab-Incharges of the labs for Even Sem- 2022-23:



CSE Lab 1
Mr. Vishal Choudhary
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar


CSE Lab 2
Mr. Anurag Gupta
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar


CSE Lab 3
Ms. Ayushi Gupta
Mr. Man Prakash


CSE Lab 4
Dr. Shashank Sahu
Mr. Sunder Singh


CSE Lab 5
Mr. Sandeep Yadav
Mr. Hemant Kumar Pathak


CSE Lab 6
Mr. Anuj Kumar
Mr. Hemant Kumar Pathak


CSE Lab 7
Dr. Sonam Gupta
Mr. Sunil Kumar Jha


Project Lab
Mr. Akhilesh Verma
Mr. Ravi Dutt


Computer Center -1
Dr. Sachin Kumar
Mr. Sandeep Sharma



 Facilities available in CSE Department Laboratories


S.No.
Name of the Laboratory / Lab Venue
Lab Courses being Conducted for B. Tech. CSE (both Oddand Even Semester)
No. of Students per Setup (Batch Size)

Name of the Important Equipment/Tool
 


1.

CSE LAB 1
Data  Structure Lab    and  Computer Graphics Lab
KCS-351 (Data Structures using C / Java Lab), Artificial Intelligence Lab (RCS-752), Computer Graphics Lab (RCS-653),

28-32 Students per Groupin a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1.       35 Desktop Computers: Core i5-Intel CPU 3.00 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
2.       01 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 3.40 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       Turbo C++ 3.0
2.       Swi Prolog 6.0
3.       Canon-Printer


2.

CSE LAB 2
DBMS Lab  and  Python Lab
Database Management System Lab (RCS-551), Principle of Programming Languages Lab (RCS-553), Python Language Programming Lab (KCS-453)

28-32 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1. 37 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 2.90 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       Oracle 9i
2.       My SQl 5.1
3.       Lispwork Personal 6.0
4.       Swi Prolog 6.0
5.       Python 3.8.1
6.       Canon Printer


3.

CSE LAB 3
Basic Application Development Lab and C programming Lab
Programming for Problem Solving Lab (KCS-151/KCS-251)

28-32 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1.       30 Desktop Computers: Core i5-Intel CPU 3.00 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
2.       07 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 3.40 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       Turbo C++ 3.0
2.       HP-Printer


4.

CSE LAB 4
Algorithm Lab and Operating System Lab
Design & Analysis of Algorithm Lab (RCS-552), Web Technology Lab (RCS-554), Operating System Lab (KCS-451)

28-32 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1. 37 Desktop Computers: Core i5-Intel CPU 3.0 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       Turbo C++ 3.0
2.       Java 8.0
3.       Netbeans 8.0
4.       Canon-Printer


5.

CSE LAB 5     
Mini Project Lab and Compiler Design Lab
Mini Project (KCS-354), Compiler Design Lab (RCS-652)

28-32 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1. 37 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 3.10 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       GCC 4.6.3
2.       JDK 1.6
3.       Python 3.8.1
4.       HP-Printer


6.

CSE LAB 6    
Discrete Structures Lab   and Computer Networks Lab
Discrete Structures & Logic Lab (KCS-353), Computer Networks Lab (RCS-651)

28-32 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1.       25 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 3.10 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
2.       12 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 2.90 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       SWI Prolog 7.4.2
2.       GCC 4.6.3
3.       Cisco Packet Tracer 6.1.1
4.       HP-Printer


7.
PROJECT LAB
Project Lab (RCS-754/RCS-852), Distributed System Lab (RCS-751), Data Ware housing & Data Mining Lab (RCS-654)

28-32 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1.       08 Desktop Computers: Core i5-Intel CPU 3.0 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
2.       11 Desktop Computers: Core i5-Intel CPU 3.0 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
3.       01 Desktop Computers:  Core i3-Intel CPU 3.10 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
4.       03 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 2.90 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
5.       10 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 3.40 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       Visual Studio 2010
2.       Matlab R2016B(05 User)
3.       Turbo C++ 3.0
4.       JDK 7
5.       Python 3.8.1
6.       Talend 6.4.1
7.       My SQL 5.1
8.       Weka 3.6.9
9.       HP-Printer


8.
R&D LAB                                              Computer Oraganization Lab

Computer Organization Lab (KCS-352)
For R & D work being done by faculty members

28-32 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1. 36 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 3.10 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       Logic Gate Simulator 1.4
2.       HP-Printer


9.
CSE LAB 7                                      M.Tech(CSE)                                                                 
Foundation of Computer Science Lab (MTCS-151), Advanced Algorithms Lab (MTCS-152), Wireless & Mobile Networks Lab (MTCS-251)

18 Students per Group in a Batch of 01 student per Computer for
Programming and Simulation based work

Computer Systems with configurations as-
1.       01 Desktop Computers: Core i5-Intel CPU 3.00 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
2.       36 Desktop Computers: Core i3-Intel CPU 3.40 Ghz RAM Size: 2GB 500 GB Hard Disk Drive
Software Tools & Kits:
1.       Turbo C++ 3.0
2.       JFLAP 7.1
3.       My SQL 5.1
4.       JDK 8
5.       Cisco Packet Tracer 6.1.1
6.       Wireshark 3.2.5
7.       HP-Printer



 Detail of Technical Manpower Support available in CSE Department Laboratories


S.No
Name of Lab Staff
Designation                    
Qualification

Date of Joining (DOJ) and Total Working Experience
(in Years)
Laboratory Courses Assigned / Labs being handled/Area of Expertise


1
Sunil Kr.Jha
Lab Assistant
B.Sc(Hons) / Diploma in Computer Application & C.C.N.A Training

7/2/2001
and 23 Years
Computer Centre Lab


2
Ravi Dutt
Lab Assistant
M.C.A ,Diploma in Electronics/ One Year Advance Diploma in Computer Software,MCP
1/4/2006   and 32 Years
Project Lab, Distributed System Lab,Data Ware housing & Data Mining Lab


3
Lokesh Kumar
Lab Assistant
M.Sc(IT)/ One Year Advance Diploma in Hardware and Networking,C.C.N.A
15/01/2009 and 13 Years
Data Structures using C / Java Lab,Artificial Intelligence Lab, Computer Graphics Lab, Database Management System Lab,Principle of Programming Languages Lab, Python Language Programming Lab


4
HemantKr. Pathak
Lab Assistant
M.C.A/ CIC,CAC,DTP
1/9/2010 and    20 Years
Computer Organization Lab


5
Abhishek
Lab Assistant
B.Sc(IT), M.C.A/ M.C.S.E,C.C.N.A,One Year Advance Diploma in Hardware and Networking
7/2/2011 and   16 Years
Mini Project Lab, Compiler Design Lab, Discrete Structures & Logic Lab, Computer Networks Lab


7
Yogendra Singh
Lab Assistant
M.B.A/ Diploma in System Administrator,CCC Certification
20/01/2016 and 13 Years
Programming for Problem Solving Lab, Design & Analysis of Algorithm Lab, Web Technology Lab, Operating System Lab


8
Yogesh Kumar
Lab Assistant
B.A/ Advance Diploma in Hardware & Networking
02/08/2016 and 12 Years
Foundation of Computer Science Lab, Advanced Algorithms Lab, Wireless & Mobile Networks Lab



 LAB STAFF TRAINING


Training
Date
Resource Organization


Staff Development Programme (Python Programming Language)
02 -07 July,2020
Dr.Pritima Singh,          Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Mr. Vinayak Parashar


Staff Development Programme (Java)
15-19 July,2020
Dr. Sonam Gupta Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad



Staff Development Programme
(DBMS)
18-22 June,2018
Dr. Arun Kumar Yadav Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad


Staff Development Programme
14-16 October,2017
Mr. Upendra Singh Chauhan (CCNA, CCNP), Trainer of Micothlab Pvt. Ltd


Computer Networks
10-15 July 2017
Ms. Neeti Pahuja and Ms. Deepti Singh Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad


Android Workshop
19 February 2016
Aptron Solutions Pvt. Ltd.


Advance Programming in C Language
14-19 December 2015
Dr. Sachin Kumar, Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad


C Programming
07-24 July 2015
Dr. Sachin Kumar, Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad


Linux
22-26 June 2015
Mr. Abhishek, Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad


PLC (Programmable Logic Controller)
15-16 May 2015

AKGEC-TIFAC-Core,
Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad


Open Source Software KOHA
11-13 May 2015
Mr. Arun Kumar Yadav, Department of CSE,AKGEC,Ghaziabad






Utilization and Ambience of CSE Department Laboratories through Photographs



Student Working in CSE Lab-1


Student Working in CSE Lab-2


Student Working in CSE Lab-3


Student Working in CSE Lab-4


Student Working in CSE Lab-5


Student Working in CSE Lab-6


Student Working in CSE M.Tech. Lab


Student Working in CSE Project Lab


Student Working in CSE R & D Lab


Departmental Activities






Faculties and students of CSE department are involved in path-breaking research and development activities. They follows the key ethical principles that should underlie the research endeavor. Researchers here take on real time problems, think innovatively and bring in novel solutions, to advance knowledge and make meaningful contribution to the society. 



 KNOW MORE	



Departmental Society 






Conatus is the Departmental Society of Computer Science and Engineering Department.



 Conatus	



Department Archives







 ARCHIVES	



Gallery








 











							27th Km Milestone,Delhi-Meerut Expressway,P.O. Adhyatmik Nagar,Ghaziabad - 201015
						




8744052891-937290034978
						
Admissions Enquiry: 1800-200-0777






info@akgec.ac.in





Quick Links :


AKGIM-MBA Admission
AKGIM-MBA
AICTE Approval Letters
NIRF Data for Ranking 2024
Mandatory Disclosure
Open Educational Resources (OER)
Online Reporting of Ragging Cases
Fee Fixation Letter
Grievance Committee
Internal Complaints Committee



About AKGEC

					Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College (AKGEC) offers four year under graduate B.Tech course in all major engineering branches, two year post graduate M.Tech course in four engineering branches and two year post graduate MCA course.
				




Admission Enquiry Form
 

 .























