https://ichvhe.uhv.org.in/







Home Page











 


Home
About Us




Schedule

Voices
Download Certificate
Verify Certificate
Contact Us

















International Conference on Human Values in Higher Education



Registration Closed  18 Nov 2024

Conference Opens  22 Nov 2024


Scan QR CODE to join us on YouTube Live 











9th International Conference  on 
Human Values in Higher Education (ICHVHE) 2024
 22-24 November, 2024 (Worldwide Online)
Theme of the Conference
Value-based Education for Humane Society (including SDGs)
Panels in Special Interest Group
Holistic, Value-based Education    |    Holistic Human Health    |    Addressing SDGs at the Root 


Previous Conferences








Organizing Partners























Organized By

UHV Foundation

Conference Host
















About the conference
The International Conference on Human Values in Higher Education (ICHVHE) is an annual conference for education policymakers, chancellors, vice chancellors/directors, other key decision-makers in education, and persons committed to value-based education.
The conference is aimed at developing a shared vision of holistic, value-based education or education for the well-being of all. While the initial scope is SAARC nations, the effort is ultimately for human education globally; and through human education, the emergence of a human society, in which the well-being of all is realised generation after generation.

Started in 2012, ICHVHE has been conducted regularly till 2019. There was a break in the conference due to the pandemic in 2020. It is now restarting in 2024.


Purpose

To recognize the need for Universal Human Values (UHV) in education
To share the efforts in this area, i.e., existing practices and experiences in imparting UHV in education.
To develop the requirements for holistic, human education, i.e., guidelines, content, and process (methodology) for imparting UHV in higher education.
To discuss how we can make efforts, i.e., implementing UHV in education


Program
        The conference is for serious deliberation on important issues. We share the core aspects of universal human values, the experiences of current widespread implementation in higher education, and developing commitment for further efforts. The format of the conference is
                
Interactive keynotes, inclusive speaker-led discussions
1: Vision for Human Education – Fulfilling Human Aspirations (incl. SDGs)
2: Education for Harmony in Relationship – from Family to World Family
3: Education for Harmony in Society – from family order to world family order
4: Implementing UHV for Holistic, Value-based Education – Fulfilling Human Aspirations and Addressing SDGs at their Root

Panel discussions with interested delegates in 3 Special Interest Groups (SIGs)
Education SIG: Human Education for Humane Society - Fulfilling Human Aspirations and Addressing Problems at their Root

 Download "Holistic Value-based Education for Humane Society" (Brief PDF for Panel Discussion in Education SIG) 
Download "UHV for Holistic Value-based Education for Realising the Aspirations Articulated in NEP 2020" (Detailed PDF) 


Health SIG: Holistic Human Health

 Download "Holistic Human Health" (Brief PDF for Panel Discussion in Health SIG) 
Visit the "Holistic Human Health" page


SDG SIG: Addressing SDGs at their Root

 Download "Addressing SDGs at their Root" (Brief PDF for Panel Discussion in SDG SIG) 
Visit the "UN SDG" website


Sharing sessions by individuals and institutions that have made an effort for UHV 
(What is shared at the conference is based on actual experience. i.e., it has been tried in education concretely and not just based on theoretical arguments alone. We are focusing on approaches that have been “experimented on a large scale” and proliferating, from one institution to another, in a natural manner)
We do not invite papers for this conference.


Expected participation

Education policymakers, chancellors, vice chancellors, deans, and other key decision-makers in education
Planners and policymakers working for humane education
Individuals and institutions that have made an effort for universal human values


Expected outcomes

 Specific recommendations and guidelines to develop education for the well-being of all.
 Educational institutions willing to experiment with and incorporate UHV in their academic curriculum.
 Potential partners in taking the UHV effort further










Celebrating Universal Human Values - ICHVHE 2024 


Experiences from Bhutan (UHV Achievements)



Chairman, AICTE, India on UHV



UHV Experience by Pro Chancellor SRMU



Dr. Kumar Sambhav, Director, UPID Noida on ICHVHE 2024




A School Girl's Feedback (Hindi)



































Related Sites
 UHV Website (uhv.org.in) 
 Holistic Human Health 
 United Nations SDGs 


Quick Links
  Holistic Value-based Education (PDF) 
  Conference Brochure (PDF)
 View Scedule According to Time Zone
 UHV Newsletters


This Site
Site contents available under CC0 1.0 Universal.We believe in freely sharing knowledge with all, for the wellbeing of all. The contents here may be used for educational purposes as is, without any additions, deletions or changes. We request those using these contents for developing/refining their own content on the basis of these contents to maintain the same spirit.








 Website made and maintained by UHV Team, UHV Foundation, Delhi. All rights reserved
        







